README.md, before:

# EntryPageAngular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

[add] new projects and translations

README.md, after:

# 🅰️ngular Projects
![site preview](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/qvlwa8t8kouty0g510rep/Screenshot-from-2024-10-09-20-27-54.png?rlkey=wdznezyljrgl9iu3rn7uzownn&st=sl8092qa&raw=1 "Site preview")

[view demo](https://entry-page-angular.vercel.app/)

A collection of several projects developed with Angular, using both module-based and standalone versions.

In the future, more projects will be added as I continue experimenting and learning more about this framework.

## Current Projects

- [Help Page](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/miniProyectsAngular/tree/main/HelpPage)
- [About Page](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/miniProyectsAngular/tree/main/AboutPage)
- [Backstage Talks](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/miniProyectsAngular/tree/main/BackstageTalks)
- [WebVentory](https://first-web-angular.vercel.app/)
- [Job List](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/FrontendMentorChallenges/tree/main/staticJobList)
- [Ip Address](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/FrontendMentorChallenges/tree/main/ipAddress)
- [REST Countries](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/miniProyectsAngular/tree/main/restCountries)
- [Translate App](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/DevChallenges/tree/main/Frontend/translate-app)
- [Coffee Listing](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/DevChallenges/tree/main/Frontend/coffee-listing)
- [Github Profile](https://github.com/WanderleeDev/DevChallenges/tree/main/Frontend/github-profile)
